(DOCSP-9162): Port Document Schemas (#107)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/mongodb/document-schemas.txt

.. _mongodb-document-schemas:
.. _mongodb-schemas:

================
Document Schemas
================

.. default-domain:: mongodb

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 2
   :class: singlecol

Overview
--------

> A MongoDB service **document schema** is a JSON object that allows you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **document schema** is a JSON object that allows you
```

to define the shape and content of documents and embedded documents in a
collection. You can use a schema to require a specific set of fields,
configure the content of a field, or to validate changes to a document
based on its beginning and ending states.

Document schemas follow the same JSON schema specification as the
:manual:`document validation </core/document-validation>` built in to

> the MongoDB server. A schema can represent any of the :manual:`BSON

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to standard JSON schema, document schemas can represent any
of the :manual:`BSON types
</reference/operator/query/type/#document-type-available-types>`
supported by the ``$type`` operator.
```
